Alien Planet

A painting of a sunset over a body of water, metaphysical painting, on the moon, glacier landscape, chaotic landscape, deep pastel colours, looking this way, colored marble, 40k, with the moon out, “ femme on a galactic shore, icy, beautiful daylight, acrylic paint style, infinity, right side composition, oil painted.

Desert Shore.

A painting of a tree in a field, a surrealist painting, inspired by Armand Guillaumin, flickr, metaphysical painting, sky swirling with black wind, drumheller, winter painting, peaks, portrait!!!!, large painting, humblewood art style, sherbert sky, landscape - scenery, gorgeous, salvador dali style, wind - swept, peak.

Mountain Sunset

A painting of a mountain with a lake in the foreground, an acrylic painting, inspired by Frederic Church, featured on instagram, metaphysical painting, ice and fire, stunning skies, whistler, fire and ice, violet sky, big sky, intricate sky, colorful fire, winter landscape, ultrawide watercolor, sunset and big clouds behind her, trending on artstattion.

Night Lake

A painting of a night sky over a lake, by Dave Arredondo, reddit contest winner, enchanted dreams. instagram, night and bright sun, sparkling in the flowing creek, andromeda, river of wine, spring evening, stellar space, splash of paint down center, idaho.

Noon Sky

A painting of a desert with mountains in the background, an acrylic painting, metaphysical painting, purple cyberpunk city, large planets in the background, mauve and cyan, with jagged rocks and eerie, ((monolith)), magical battlefield backround, painted with a thin brush, moons, ruined, wip, manifestation, space ships, femme, 4 0 k.

Ultronium Shockwave

A painting of a sunset over a valley, inspired by Evert Collier, metaphysical painting, new zeeland, 4 k!!!, highway, wesley kimler, dramatic view, beautiful sunny day, vine, expansive view, dramatic brush painting, sunset with cloudy skies, sandra chevier, silver lining, wide angle landscape, river of wine, fire from sky, summer.

Winter Sky

A painting of a snowy landscape with a planet in the distance, an acrylic painting, space art, smooth paint, r / paintedminis, icey tundra background, teal landscape, monochromatic airbrush painting, digitial painting, space theme, scene view, mid view, oil paint style, hanging out with orbs, painitng, simple shading, rivers. space colony.
